Add new GSoC contributor bio (#6367)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/authors/jagruti.adoc

---
name: "Jagruti Tiwari"
github: Jagrutiti
linkedin: jagruti-tiwari
twitter: jagrutitiw
medium: tiwarijagruti1
blog: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/author/jagruti/
---

> Jagruti works as a Senior Project Engineer in one of the reputed firms in India. Her open source journey started in Jan 2022. She has a strong hold in Java, JavaScript, and an intermediate in Python. Jagruti's association with Jenkins started in Hacktoberfest 2022. This year (in 2023) she has been selected in the GSoC project titled: Adding Probes to Plugin Health Score System which is her first GSoC. She hopes to continue being associated with the community and mentor new open source enthusiasts in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jagruti works as a Senior Project Engineer in one of the reputable firms in India. Her open-source journey started in Jan 2022. She has a strong background in Java, JavaScript, and an intermediate in Python. Jagruti's association with Jenkins started in Hacktoberfest 2022. This year (in 2023) she has been selected in the GSoC project titled "Adding Probes to Plugin Health Score System" which is her first GSoC. She hopes to continue being involved in the community and someday help mentoring new open source enthusiasts in the near future.
```
